Privacy Policy

This Privacy policy describes the privacy practices that are applicable to your use of the Key Wallet mobile application (the “App”) provided by Tactical Advantage Trading (the “Company”).

No Use by Children. The App is not intended for use by children under the age of thirteen (13). If you are under the age of thirteen (13), please do not use the App.

The company’s policy is to collect as little user information as possible to ensure a completely private and anonymous user experience when using the Service. We also have no technical means to access your storage content in any case.

Any information that you provide to us when you communicate with our customer or technical support, will only be used for purposes of addressing your specific support request.

Third Party App Stores. 

If you purchase or access the App through a third party app store, such as iTunes or Google Play (an “App Store”), you will have a separate, additional account relationship with that App Store and the information you provide to that App Store will be handled in accordance with the privacy practices of the applicable App Store. App Stores are not partners or representatives of the Company and the Company is not responsible for the acts or omissions of an App Store with regard to the collection, use, maintenance or disclosure of your information. If you want to change your preferences with regard to how an applicable App Store collects or uses your information, you should review the privacy practices of the applicable App Store and adjust your privacy or other settings directly through the applicable App Store. The Company will not receive or have access to any of the information you provide to, or that is collected by, an applicable App Store.

Creators of Key Wallet never received any inquiries from any government institution.

No government institution was ever granted access to Key Wallet end users data.

No government institution was ever granted permission to install backdoor or other potentially malicious code in any part of Tactical Advantage Trading software.

Fair Information Practices

The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.

In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur: We will notify the users via in-site notification • Within 7 business days

We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle which requires that individuals have the right to legally pursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.

If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.

contact@tactical-advantage.trading

Last Edited on 15/03/2026