Terms of use

By using Key Wallet mobile application (the “App”) provided by Tactical Advantage Trading (the “Company”), you are agreeing to be bound by these terms of service, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using the App.

The Company intends for users to be able to use the functionality of the App on a decentralized, anonymous basis. You acknowledge and agree that Key Wallet is not responsible for any errors or omissions that you make in connection with any Bitcoin transaction initiated via the Services, including but not limited to use of any incorrect address or the loss of your private key.

How Your Wallet Works: Your Bitcoin is held in your Key Wallet in the “designed form”, recorded on the Bitcoin blockchain. When you create a fresh wallet, the software on your phone generates and stores a cryptographic private and public key pair that you may use to send and receive Bitcoin via the Bitcoin Blockchain network.

Your Public Key: The public key generated by the Software serves as your Bitcoin wallet address, and is stored on your mobile device. We do not keep a copy of your public key associated with your identity or phone number. Therefore Tactical Advantage Trading cannot identify you at any point.

Your Private Key: The private key uniquely matches the wallet address and must be used in connection with the wallet address to authorize the transfer of bitcoin from or to that wallet address. The private key is stored on your mobile device. Importantly, your private key provides access to and security for your Bitcoin. Tactical Advantage Trading has no access to your private key and may not, under any circumstance, initiate a transaction using your private key on your behalf. If you lose your private key, Tactical Advantage Trading cannot recover it for you.

In no event shall Tactical Advantage Trading or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Tactical Advantage Trading, even if Tactical Advantage Trading or its authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage.

Tactical Advantage Trading may revise these terms of service for its website at any time without notice. By using the service you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these terms of service.

The materials contained in this website are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law. These terms and conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of BVI and you irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in that State or location.